Upgrade to ipfs@0.41 (#381)
ProtoSchool/protoschool.github.io: DEVELOPING_TUTORIALS.md

Depending on which lesson format you've chosen, you'll need to create 2-4 files within your project directory. Check the table below to see which files you need, then read on for instructions on how to create them.

| File | Sample Filename | Standard Lesson with Coding Exercise | Lesson with Coding Exercise and File Upload | Multiple-Choice Lesson | Text-Only Lesson |

> | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :---  | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
```

> If this is the last lesson in your tutorial, please create a success message that notes that the user has completed the whole tutorial. For example, `Great job! You've completed this series of lessons!`)

Reviewer: [](url)
```suggestion
If this is the last lesson in your tutorial, please create a success message that notes that the user has completed the whole tutorial. For example, `Great job! You've completed this series of lessons!`)

You can optionally use the [utils.validationMessages](#utilsvalidationmessages) utility to create commonly used validation messages. 
```

Reviewer: I'd love to add in-line mentions for every common use case of each of the util functions so people find them in context.

###### Utils module

There are some utils that you can use accross lesson code validations. For that you can use the `utils` module:

> - `utils.format`: format specific objects like `ipfs` objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `utils.format`: format specific objects, such as `ipfs` objects
```
When and why would I do this?

> - `utils.ipfs`: ipfs specific helpers. At the moment includes the error codes that `js-ipfs` might return.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `utils.ipfs`: IPFS-specific helpers. Includes the error codes that `js-ipfs` might return.
```

- `utils.validators`: common validators to be used throughout validation code
- `utils.validationMessages`: common messages to show the user

> For a more detailed docs, see [here](#utils-module-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed docs, see [here](#utils-module-1).
```

  - `question`: String - mandatory - _the question to be answered by the user_ ([detailed docs](#create-multiple-choice-quizzes-in-your-javascript-file-skip-for-coding-exercises-and-text-only-lessons))
  - `choices`: Array - mandatory - _the potential answers between which the user must choose_ ([detailed docs](#create-multiple-choice-quizzes-in-your-javascript-file-skip-for-coding-exercises-and-text-only-lessons))

### `utils` module

This module is a set of utils designed to be re-used accross the validation code of different tutorials.

> - `utils.format`

Reviewer: Switch these to headers instead of bullets so you can link to them from relevant parts of instructions. Reference from other spots in the instructions where the specific util could be helpful.

>   - `ipfsObject(object)`: formats an ipfs object to be ready to print in the output ui, for example, formatting a `cid` object into a string.

Reviewer: need examples of what the user sees when you don't use this and when you do

>   - `ipfsObject(object)`: formats an ipfs object to be ready to print in the output ui, for example, formatting a `cid` object into a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `ipfsObject(object)`: formats an IPFS object to be ready to print in the output UI, for example, formatting a `cid` object into a string.
```

  ```js
  return {
    success: 'Success! You did it!',
    logDesc: "Here is the result.",
    log: utils.format.ipfsObject(result)
  }
  ```

- `utils.ipfs`

  - `errorCodes`: set of error codes from `js-ipfs`
    - `ERR_MORE_THAN_ONE_ROOT`

  ```js

>   if (utils.ipfs.errorCodes.ERR_MORE_THAN_ONE_ROOT) {

Reviewer: problem with code sample

Reviewer: When do I use this? How does it relate to the override feature?

    return {
      fail: 'Some error message specific to this edge case.'
    }
  }
  ```

  

- `utils.validationMessages`

> 

Reviewer: Add context that these produce messages shown to the user - author still has to built the code that does the testing

Reviewer: show an example of messages shown to user

  - `NO_RESULT`: to show when the user forgets to return a result
  - `VALUE_IS_ASYNC_ITERABLE_ALL`: when the user returned an AsyncIterable and forgot to use the `all` function on the result
  - `VALUE_IS_ASYNC_ITERABLE_CONCAT`: when the user returned an AsyncIterable and forgot to use the `concat` function on the result

  

  ```js
  import utils from '../utils'
  
  const validate = async (result, ipfs) => {
    if (!result) {
      return {
        fail: utils.validationMessages.NO_RESULT
      }
    }
  }
  ```

  

- `utils.validators`

  - `isAsyncIterable(result)`: tests whether the result is an AsyncIterable or not

  ```js

>   if (utils.validators.isAsyncIterable(result)) {

Reviewer: condition wrong

  - `question`: String - mandatory - _the question to be answered by the user_ ([detailed docs](#create-multiple-choice-quizzes-in-your-javascript-file-skip-for-coding-exercises-and-text-only-lessons))
  - `choices`: Array - mandatory - _the potential answers between which the user must choose_ ([detailed docs](#create-multiple-choice-quizzes-in-your-javascript-file-skip-for-coding-exercises-and-text-only-lessons))

### `utils` module

This module is a set of utils designed to be re-used accross the validation code of different tutorials.

#### `utils.format`

- `ipfsObject(object)`: formats an IPFS object to be ready to print in the output UI, for example, formatting a `cid` object into a string.

Example:

```js
return {
  success: 'Success! You did it!',
  logDesc: "Here is the result.",
  log: utils.format.ipfsObject(result)
}
```

> Original `result` object would show like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without special formatting, the `result` object would be displayed like this:
```

```
{
  "path": "QmQNcG7yJPWGuAoM2jmF78t6GTdNSmcuXr2c18SfJ4tVJQ",
  "cid": {
    "codec": "dag-pb",
    "version": 0,
    "hash": {
      "type": "Buffer",
      "data": [
        18,
        32,
        30,
        55,
        196,
        121,
        86,
        111,
        123,
        58,
        178,
        22,
        159,
        46,
        21,
        223,
        12,
        1,
        37
      ]
    }
  },
  "size": 40391,
  "mode": 420
}
```

> While the formatted object would show like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By contrast, the formatted object is displayed like this:
```

```json
{
  "path": "QmRz7dg5FcbESqbbzxMVksyHfqJwqibcKZULUoichwwmsu",
  "cid": "CID('QmRz7dg5FcbESqbbzxMVksyHfqJwqibcKZULUoichwwmsu')",
  "size": 778308,
  "mode": 420
}
```

#### `utils.ipfs`

- `errorCodes`: set of error codes from `js-ipfs`
  - `ERR_MORE_THAN_ONE_ROOT`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reference these error codes in your validation code when you'd like to override them with messages more specific to the context of your lesson. For example:

```

```js
if (result.code === utils.ipfs.errorCodes.ERR_MORE_THAN_ONE_ROOT) {
  return {
    fail: 'Some error message specific to this edge case.'
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPFS error codes not listed above are not currently included in this feature, but can be added to our codebase as needed. If the error codes you need are not available, you can add them to the file [tutorials/utils/ipfs.js](./src/tutorials/utils/ipfs.js) and to this documentation.
```

#### `utils.validationMessages`

> These validation messages can be used to avoid writing the same message for the users across tutorials and lessons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These validation messages can be used to avoid re-writing the same feedback messages across tutorials and lessons. 
```

- `SUCCESS`: when the user has successfully completed the code challenge
  - Example: `Success! You did it!`
- `NO_RESULT`: to show when the user forgets to return a result
  - Example: `Oops! You forgot to return a result :(`
- `VALUE_IS_ASYNC_ITERABLE_ALL`: when the user returned an AsyncIterable and forgot to use the `all` function on the result
  - Example: `The returned value is an Async Iterable. Did you forget to put all the results together using either for await...of or with all?`
- `VALUE_IS_ASYNC_ITERABLE_CONCAT`: when the user returned an AsyncIterable and forgot to use the `concat` function on the result
  - Example: `The returned value is an Async Iterable. Did you forget to concatenate all the data using concat?`

> 

Reviewer: While these codes provide an easy shorthand, you'll still need to provide the logic that determines when a particular validation message should be displayed for each lesson. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
While these codes provide an easy shorthand, you'll still need to provide the logic that determines when a particular validation message should be displayed for each lesson. For example:
```

```js
import utils from '../utils'

const validate = async (result, ipfs) => {
  if (!result) {
    return {
      fail: utils.validationMessages.NO_RESULT
    }
  }
}
```

#### `utils.validators`

Validators that can be re-used across tutorials and lessons.

- `isAsyncIterable(result)`: tests whether the result is an AsyncIterable or not

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

While you can use these shorthands to test for certain conditions, you'll still need to specify what validation message should be displayed as a result. In the example below, a validator is used in combination with a validation message. 
```
